SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

8 years of experience as Systems Analyst with focus in business software and systems.
Strong background working with clients, designers, and programmers to identify requirements, provide cost analysis, assist with creating user interfaces, and develop implementation timelines.
In-depth understanding of project lifecycle, including all phases of system and software development.
Proven track record in testing, quality assurance, and networking.
Superior communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming:	SQL, Java, HTML/XML, C++, C, UNIX, Perl, Sybase
Applications:	Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, MS Project, SAP, COBOL, Rational Rose
Databases:	Access, Oracle, ASCII, DB2
Platforms:	Microsoft Vista/XP/2003, Mac, Linux, Solaris
Networking:	Ethernet, TCP/IP, VPN, LAN/WAN
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC Co. Tucson, AZ	
2007 – Present
Systems Analyst for this IT firm with 1,500 employees.	
Maintain and support systems for data warehouse and business intelligence (BI) initiatives, including software, servers, and networks.
Perform data analysis, testing, debugging, audits, disaster recovery, and problem resolution.
Research and evaluate technology solutions and present recommendations for improved system operations.
Create data verification methods and comply with standard system procedures.
DEF Inc., Phoenix, AZ	
2003 – 2007
Systems Analyst for this major manufacturer with 2,000 employees.
Tested applications and resolved complex problems throughout software development life cycle (SDLC), including preparing detailed program specifications.
Researched and proposed applications and systems, presenting recommendations to CIO.
Played key role in design and development activities to ensure software requirements were met.
Liaised with clients and vendors to resolve day-to-day problems and make process changes.
Participated in design analysis and pre- and post-installation reviews.
HJK Co., Phoenix, AZ	
2000 – 2003
Systems/Business Analyst for this pharmaceutical company with 1,200 employees.
Conducted feasibility studies of Web-based applications and systems.
Responsible for maintaining and updating technical documentation for software and systems.
Assisted development and production teams by determining application design flaws, thereby optimizing SDLC.
Created and maintained user account profiles and passwords, ensuring company-wide security.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Information Systems
University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ (2000)